## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Constructor](#constructor)
- [Methods](#methods)
    - [beforeSave](#beforesave)
    - [__toString](#__tostring)

## Overview

The `Check` class represents a checkbox field in the Envision Portal framework. It implements the `UpdateFieldInterface` interface, which provides a set of methods for updating the value of a field in the database.

## Usage

To use the `Check` class, you must first create an instance of the class. You can do this by passing an array of field data, the key of the field, and the type of field to the constructor.

```php
$field = [
    'value' => '1',
    'label' => 'My Checkbox Field',
];

$key = 'my_checkbox_field';

$type = 'check';

$check = new Check($field, $key, $type);
```

Once you have created an instance of the `Check` class, you can use the `beforeSave` method to update the value of the field in the database. The `beforeSave` method takes a single parameter, which is the value of the field. The method will return the updated value of the field.

```php
$updatedValue = $check->beforeSave('0');
```

You can also use the `__toString` method to generate the HTML for the checkbox field. The `__toString` method does not take any parameters. It will return a string of HTML that can be used to render the checkbox field.

```php
echo $check->__toString();
```

## Constructor

The following table describes the constructor for the `Check` class:

| Parameter | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `field` | array | An array of field data. |
| `key` | string | The key of the field. |
| `type` | string | The type of field. |

## Methods

The following table describes the methods of the `Check` class:

| Method | Return Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `beforeSave` | string | Updates the value of the field in the database. |
| `__toString` | string | Generates the HTML for the checkbox field. |

### `beforeSave`

The `beforeSave` method takes a single parameter, which is the value of the field. The method will return the updated value of the field.

The `beforeSave` method will convert the value of the field to a string. If the value of the field is not null, the method will return '1'. Otherwise, the method will return '0'.

### `__toString`

The `__toString` method does not take any parameters. It will return a string of HTML that can be used to render the checkbox field.

The HTML generated by the `__toString` method will include a checkbox input with the following attributes:

- `type`: "checkbox"
- `name`: The key of the field
- `id`: The key of the field
- `checked`: If the value of the field is not null, the `checked` attribute will be set.
- `value`: "1"

## Example Usage

The following code shows an example of how to use the `Check` class:

```php
$field = [
    'value' => '1',
    'label' => 'My Checkbox Field',
];

$key = 'my_checkbox_field';

$type = 'check';

$check = new Check($field, $key, $type);

$updatedValue = $check->beforeSave('0');

echo $check->__toString();
```

This code will generate the following HTML:

```html
<input type="checkbox" name="my_checkbox_field" id="my_checkbox_field" checked value="1" class="input_check" />
```